strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl + 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl + 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
background
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl
YAl + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe
YBe + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Ba133
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr
background
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
background
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
weak 57Co
weak 57Co
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
Kr + strong 57Co + 2 Pb sheets
